It's a beautiful Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, and the fantastically groovy comedy theater
brought to you by the Wheeler Center.
Look, guys, we were in Brisbane last night, so this is like being in Paris or Rome.
Harmontown is now in session.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is my pleasure and my honor to introduce to you Spencer Crittenden.
I'm the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
This is exhilarating.
Thank you, Melbourne.
Melbourne.
We did it.
I find it hard.
I don't want to cross the threshold where you start.
It's like when you're the Melbourne thing.
It's Melbourne to me.
I know it's not to you, but then it's like in the movies when the first time the teenage
daughter calls the adopted dad, dad, you know, like I feel like if we went through an earthquake
together and then I helped you make a tourniquet or something, and then there were like werewolves
and then we finished and we were the only survivors.
It was just me and you.
And then you'd be like, thanks, Dan.
And I'd be like, thanks, Melbourne.
Because I was always like chewing my gum and calling you Melbourne the whole time.
Dan spent I think 85% of last night's show and Brisbane just haraying the audience about
your guys' accents.
Well, no, I mean, mistakes were made last night.
I came out in the hat and the shorts and the...
I don't know who started it and what made the show as...
The brow of the show was lower last night and it wasn't Brisbane's fault.
But it was like a cool rock and roll hanger.
I don't know if everyone's been to the Trifids in Brisbane.
It's an awesome venue.
But it's like more of a rock concert.
This is a very civilized theater kind of thing.
But it was like a prison riot.
It was...
Everybody was yelling at each other.
They all hated where everybody else was from.
It was like it was really barbaric.
And they're not...
This is not a classist thing, but have you guys seen the movie Gremlins?
No, no, I'm kidding.
It was more like we've done shows in Madison and Milwaukee, my hometown.
I don't know, maybe it's like...
It was like they were watching TV and they were just like all of them.
They were just like, no, that's not true.
And it was like, it often isn't true what I say.
I shouldn't be saying anything I'm saying.
So if 700 people are each individually monitoring that and calling out to me,
that's actually not true.
Okay, all right, well, that's okay.
And then some poor fucker admitted that he was from Ipswich,
and there was a...
They nearly crucified him.
It was really...
It got ugly, but then we all like...
I took a bunch of like the young Armenians, we all,
because you crapped out, you were pooped.
I was so exhausted.
Listen, if you guys ever see me...
I'm not going to say I was unprepared for last night,
but it would take an effort to do a transcontinental version of this show.
But if you ever see me initiate a game of audience sound effects,
which is what I did last night...
Yeah, we went straight up who's Lennon's anyway last night.
I was just looking at Jeff like, I don't know,
maybe what if...
Do we have a celebrity on the phone?
I didn't really know what to do.
It was my fault because I came out dressed like Paul Hogan.
I was dressed like a fucking lunatic,
and I was obsessed with the accent,
and I was trying to prove I could do the accent,
and I did, I spent hours...
It wasn't an insulting...
I was so proud because I finally figured out how to say...
Oh, like that hat might...
Why?
That's all the vowels that I...
Except for some way...
Spencer and I still don't know how to do O.
What's the rule with O here?
You gotta go like...
No!
No?
Yeah, that's... Jeff had it.
But now we're doing it again, now we're doing it again.
It's gonna turn into Jerry Springer.
We're the fucking monsters.
You guys don't know how many times Dan said,
Oh, I like that hat, mate!
Because it was 120.
It was a lot of times.
Why did it, when you do it, it's so stressed?
Because I'm concentrating on each thing.
I know it says...
They have a playful, relaxed thing.
You're not supposed to...
It's supposed to flow over your tongue,
like a medicine ball or something.
You know how those flow.
I like that hat, mate!
And then it's like, there's all these rules.
It has to go up, it has to be a question.
We're doing it again! This is how I started the show in Brisbane!
And I'm not gonna say it was a bad show.
It was a very Brisbane show.
It was a great show, but the inmates...
We had a good time.
The inmates were running the prison last night.
And there's smart, wonderful,
jocular, jolly inmates.
They were not...
They were not bad people.
To be fair, half of them were from Ipswich.
Fucking animals.
Yeah.
But now we are,
according to Joseph Campbell's
tracking of our journey,
we're now at the meeting with the goddess.
We're in the taint of Australia.
We're down...
We're down under.
We're down, like, around and under.
I'm sure I'm about the first person to point this out.
Maybe we can go, we can just get on a boat
and cradle the balls of Tasmania.
Yeah.
And we're in this wonderful historic theater.
This theater, then,
is where the typewriter was invented.
Yeah.
Yeah!
There was a guy
downstairs that's running the Wheeler
thing or whatever the guy.
The Wheeler Center, yes.
The Wheeler Brothers.
They're in a huge feud, but they can only get along
during these fine
showcases of artistic...
I don't know what the Wheeler thing is.
I don't know what it is.
The Wheeler Center is
another theater that they use when they have big venues,
like big shows like this,
they hire out the comedy theater
that we're in right now.
He was saying that
it's not this theater, but that down the street
there's a theater.
He said,
Max Wayne performed down there.
Max Wayne.
And I was like, oh, Max Wayne,
he clearly needs me to pretend to know who that is
or he'll think I'm stupid.
He was saying Mark Twain.
I would never...
I love you guys, but we'll never
understand each other.
I asked him who the name of the Prime Minister was
and he said something turtle.
Turtle?
It's Daniel Andrews.
No, no, that's...
That's the premier.
Who are you asking about?
The PM.
Oh, the Prime Minister.
That's Pauline Henson.
Hello!
Come on, Hulkamaniacs!
Let me hear you!
I got my hooks into Pauline Henson last night
and I coasted across that finish line.
Thank you for that ripcord.
I was sweating.
There's no show!
Audience sound effects!
And then someone mentioned Pauline Henson
and it was like, aha!
Dan started doing a rap about liking
that hatmate and he went out into the crowd
and then went upstairs into the balcony
and when he came back he looked like
he had just gotten out of the shower.
I was just covered
and I don't know how much of that was
flop sweat and how much was just exercise.
It was kind of humid.
I think it was very much both.
Again, not a bad show, but totally got to experience
what it would be like.
You don't have an act. What if you were in Brisbane?
You don't know.
I didn't know what that meant.
They were like, come on, hey, my name is Henry.
I was like, okay, Henry, what do you need?
I liked shoes.
I was like, all right, fine.
But then someone else would be like,
you don't like shoes, you like socks.
Well, Henry,
I don't know
what to do. Let's just all eat paste.
I think
that sounded reductive.
That's not what I mean.
I'm talking about my ability to control the room.
I'm not talking about Brisbane's...
We don't like when the audience is drunker than us.
And that was the case last night.
No, they were funnier, smarter.
But we like oceanographer...
You bailed. We met a woman that
kills Crown of Thor and Starfish
with a giant robot dick.
And it's done killing the Starfish,
so now they just gave it sentience.
It sounds like they just
told it to go kill more things
and turned it loose in the ocean.
Maybe they were drunk.
I went out
with a gang of them.
We went out into karaoke and 30 of us piled
into a room built for nine people
and it was really good.
And I woke up and said, pockets full of drugs.
I was like, I can't...
I'm getting on a plane in two hours.
So I did all of them.
I can...
Thank you, guys.
And definitely for real,
I feel like a real Australian
because something...
There's a weird bump on my forehead.
Something definitely got me last night.
I don't think you can see it, but I know it.
You got a red jacket? What are they called?
I got a flip-flap or a red stripe or something.
Like, lusted golly-nobbin' down my wainscotting.
Something got me.
It's the ones you can't see.
It'll fucking kill you, right? You know that.
That's how you welcome us here.
Welcome to Australia.
There hasn't been a spider death in 30 years.
No one else knows that.
That sounds like a lie.
You guys just reshuffle the statistics.
All right, again, I'm doing what I did last night.
I'm making them feel like
they're just Australian.
Can I take a moment?
You guys are human beings.
I could sit up here and talk about
random shit.
What the fuck is a bishop?
I don't know what a bishop is within the Catholic Church.
I don't understand.
I looked it up and I can't...
There's a whole internet. I don't even know what it is still.
A bishop, yeah.
I always thought it was like a being a lieutenant
in the Catholic army.
Like there is a priest, like street priests, you know?
The ones that get down in there.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
So Nintendo...
See, I can speak Italian to you guys.
You're cosmopolitan.
But then there's like bishops and cardinals
and then the Pope.
Archbishops and all that.
Yeah, but bishops can get married.
I don't know what the fuck...
I looked it up because they watched a movie
called The Bishop's Wife and the whole time
they're not explaining.
Why does he have a wife?
Carrie Grant's an angel and
he comes in and he goes like,
I'm here to help you build the new church
and the bishop's like, yeah, I like that.
And he's like, but do you like your wife?
And he's like, what? Why are you talking about my wife?
Why are you looking at her like that?
And Carrie Grant's like, like her, I like her.
And the guy's like, okay,
but you're gonna help me get my church done, right?
And he's like, I don't know, do you like the church
more than your wife?
Like it's a crazy movie, but that's not the point.
Like it's just like a weird couple in Tennessee.
Is it Carrie Grant a ghost in that one or something?
He's an angel, which I was just
typically a ghost. What's the difference?
An angel is a ghost, but
whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
An angel is a
holy creature created
as a servant
to the Lord.
A ghost is a departed spirit
of the living. Yeah, but
okay, all right, all right.
And that was
Spencer Crittenden logic moments.
I have one wheelhouse
and it's knowing what monsters are.
Every once in a while,
yeah, we stumble
right into your garden and act like we own it.
I do.
That's all I got. Well, all right,
Spencer, where is Jeff going?
It's not important.
Let's ignore it. What are you, are you from
For the listeners, Jeff is
opening a bar at the side of the
theater.
For those of you who are only listening,
you'd think Jeff was from Ipswich right now.
Now he's going into
the bar himself.
He found a bar.
I think a bouncer is coming.
Oh, and just one more thing
about last night's show. A disabled lady
which we brought up on stage told me I needed to
take care of myself and everyone applauded.
Yeah, well,
that's gonna keep happening.
That stuck with me.
Right.
She's had a terrible life.
She had a back injury and her back's all fucked up
and I like to bring people up sometimes.
Who's having a terrible time and she shared
all this stuff and then I was like,
well, can we give you,
within our means, is there anything we could do
since you shared your pain with us?
Yeah, can you lose some fucking weight, fatty?
Do us all a favor.
Yeah.
Get on a goddamn treadmill.
That was her pitch.
Dan, when I went down
to this bar, for the listeners,
there's a neon sign underneath
the John Wilkes booth's like overhang
and
it says bar, but it's pointing
to just this ominous black curtain.
In there is a bar right off of stage right,
audience left. Right.
And I went down there. Was it Mike? Who's the cat that runs the wheeler center?
Huh? It's Trick.
That's what she said.
John? John Turtle?
He said,
do we want it open?
He can send somebody down there and open up this bar.
For them?
They're reacting like you think for them.
Yeah.
Why are we wasting a bar
at our show?
It's a chance to make
the wheeler center some money, John.
I want 10% of this action.
We've performed
in rooms where there's a bar
we haven't liked it.
People ordering drinks
while you're trying
to have an act.
You want me to go close the curtain?
I'm going to go out there anyway
because we want to do a new segment
and I want to...
Just that neon sign
is that just like art department
or is there actually a thing there?
I've never seen a bar that close to the stage.
That's really Australian.
That's what Angela Lansbury is doing.
Love letters? She can just go get fucked up during the show?
That's the Australian...
That's their fire department.
That's their code.
They demanded it.
Then I...
I know about the brushfires.
I'm not being insensitive.
They have brushfires
like every week here
where people die and it's awful.
They have a 9-11
like every 11.
Are you doing that in a way?
Are you sending out a signal?
I'm fun to
pay attention to.
It's not like a SeaWorld show.
I'm not going to...
I'm not like a magician.
Usually what we do is
we never have anybody up that doesn't want to be up
and then sometimes we ask for specific stuff.
I go, oh, is there anybody in the thing
that's like...
I don't know.
Anybody have a terrible day or a good day?
But when we go out of town, a lot of people are like,
oh, shit, the carnival's in town.
I want to just be on stage.
You're not a bad person for wanting that necessarily.
So I'm kind of looking for some of those people
because we want to do a segment
where we're going to just ask an Australian.
And we're like,
I want to run through a couple of people.
Your time will be limited but intense.
You won't be bullied.
Let's go with a very thin lumberjack.
It's clothing optional.
Yeah, I like this guy's spirit
and he looks like a...
This is...
He just looks like a Harmontown listener.
What's your name, sir?
What's your name? Jackson.
He's coming up and up and up.
All right, Jackson, you want to...
For the listeners at home,
Jackson looks like a police composite sketch of me
but saying he's attractive.
I thought you said crack dealer.
You said attractive.
Yeah.
An attractive crack dealer.
All right, so what I also want to do
with each guest we bring up
is want to confirm your authenticity as an Australian.
So I've written some Australian phrases
and we'll make sure you...
When you read them.
Let's do that top one in boldface there.
You see that one?
That one.
When you do that top one in boldface there,
you see that one?
Word around the bushes, you stole my sunnies.
Prepare to die by knife.
Sounds pretty Australian to me.
But if you ramped up...
I put a little mustard on it.
You see how laid-back he is?
I know.
No, I'm not.
Guess what? I'm not Australian.
I'm ashamed to tell you.
Try to say that you like my hat
in a laid-back fashion like Jackson here.
Oh, I like that hat, mate.
It's getting there, you're getting there.
I like that hat, mate.
Because I'm concentrating on my vowels.
Who does that? That's not a relaxed thing to do.
I have to concentrate. They don't.
They're Australian.
I didn't come here to coach you guys.
But, you know, you kind of laid it on thick at the end.
All right.
You know, the eyes are oise, but not in a cartoon way.
Have some respect.
Well, my accent is quite neutral as it is.
So I always feel self-conscious about
not being Australian.
Well, isn't Brisbane more
accent-y?
Yes.
Brisbane is a...
Oh, and by the way,
Brisbane is a big country town.
Oh, by the way, they don't tell you...
You're not supposed to tell them that.
They don't like...
No one wants to be called a big country town.
Oh, we've got...
It's like a country town stitched together
in a country town laid on top of each other.
Because, oh, we've got things and junk.
Whoa!
Forget about it.
Sir, I happen to love Melbourne.
Melbourne's a guy.
It's beautiful here.
That brings me to the question.
Why is it called capsicum?
They're bell peppers.
Why?
Is it...
I don't know.
You want to pass on that question?
I don't know the answer to that one.
Why was the Ferris wheel
$6 million?
Well...
I don't know why it cost
$6 million, but I do know
at one point this probably
didn't help with the budget.
It got really hot one year,
and it melted, basically.
It melted?
Structurally unsound.
The Ferris wheel melted.
That's what the guy said.
It wasn't meant for summer weather or something.
Did it test it?
What part of it melted?
The whole thing.
It buckled.
Jesus Christ.
Have you ever been on it, Jackson?
No.
Not only that, but it overlooks
the docklands.
There's nothing to see there.
I've witnessed a shipping container.
Oh, the joy.
They had to move it, right?
They had to pick it up and move it at one point?
Or no, they moved to a Home Depot?
I think they were going to,
but I think they just planned, because there's nothing around it.
I think they'd build stuff around it instead.
In London, they have one of those.
I don't know if that was what this is based on,
because it's called the I.
Is the London one smaller?
No, the London one is much bigger.
They were so fucking proud of it.
You're an American, you go to London,
and you're like, what is this shitty ass thing?
And they're like, excuse me, Govna?
They bristle.
Like, whether they're tea drinking,
lily, lily, lily...
They were all up in arms about it at the beginning.
They thought it was an eyesore, but now they like it.
Same with the Eiffel Tower.
All the Parisians hated the Eiffel Tower.
You can't fucking...
It happens that fast, huh?
Maybe you guys love this little white chocolate fairs wheel.
Yeah, because copy...
How long has it been here?
If the Eiffel Tower was second,
I don't think people would have fallen in love with it after a while.
They'd have gone, yeah, no, it's still just a copy
of the shittier thing.
Right. How long has it been here?
I think it's been operating for two, three years.
Uh-huh.
By applause, who has been on the...
Five, ten...
Three people!
Well, there really would be a cooper
if it was fast.
Nobody's going on the fairs wheel
after they announce...
Release notes!
Fixed melting bug!
No one's buying that app!
I live in Los Angeles.
I've never been on the subway.
I'm not going. There's earthquakes all the goddamn time.
You're not getting me into a hole.
Addressed a problem where the fairs wheel melted.
All right.
Well, I'll give you a bonus one
since you're all the way up here.
But we just want to double confirm this.
So...
We were told at one point
that in Queensland, I know now we're in Victoria,
we were told that in Queensland
that Jeff is slang
for finger-banging.
Like, getting
gifed. It's fact. It's true.
Have you heard that? Not only of the butt.
Oh, really?
No, you just... Well, we got...
No, no, no, no, but you're...
Has anybody here ever heard of getting
gifed being finger-blasted?
No.
Only make noise
if it's a yes. Otherwise, we assume it's a no.
Right.
Okay, so there's a couple people.
Enough people.
It seems like a great place to get
gifed to be atop the fairs wheel.
Right.
I'm telling you buckles.
Whenever I'm learning someone's name,
my nervous system is going,
my nervous system's name is so important,
so I never remember the name. Jackson.
What's your name? Jackson.
Let's hear it for Jackson.
Jackson!
All right.
Thank you.
See, you've burned through them.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I want to teach him how to play bass
and start a band.
Like, he has great hair.
That was some good hair.
Dan is now wandering amongst the crowd.
Australian's because they're wonderful.
They have a rare blend of
jocularity and warmth.
Yeah, jocularity
piece of shit.
Fucking question. I mean, I'm American.
I'll fucking drone strike your ass.
Wow.
Shit, fucking.
Their army invented Wi-Fi, they're so bored.
Do you know that, Jeff?
Yeah, by a woman.
Australia's so fucked up,
their women are inventing shit down here.
You know?
Wow.
That's been our show. Thanks for coming, everybody.
Yeah, no, I have to remember.
So, yeah.
In America now, the liberals,
not liberals with a capital L,
liberals with a small L,
are the ones who are now constitution nuts
and are probably stockpiling weapons.
Because there's a Nazi
that got elected.
Over here,
people who want to secede from the crown,
those are progressives, Jeff,
and they're called labor, even though in the states,
people who labor are the people that elected
Trump.
But would never want to be called labor,
because they're so fancy, they're just a lottery ticket away
from being president.
Hey, John, is that Bar open yet?
I just wanted to straighten
that shit out. It's very complicated.
It sounds nice.
But when in doubt, if you're having a bad show,
you just go Pauline Hansen's a piece of shit,
and then they all applaud.
Pauline Hansen is the
Ipswich of government.
I don't even know what an Ipswich is.
Ipswich sounds like it.
When I was in high school,
there was an ice cream cookie
sandwich called a chip switch.
That's all I think of.
I think of delicious ice cream and cookies.
You know what a Pauline Hansen is.
It's when you take a picture.
Sorry, what was that, sir?
You're fucking wrong.
He's just wrong about everything.
No, no, Ipswich
apparently is not all about ice cream and cookies.
Wait, is it just a complete shit hole?
Well, I think that he's...
Yeah.
What?
16 and pregnant.
Well, that's very brave of you to admit that, madam.
This is the place
where we can open up to each other, you guys.
Is that what's on the license plate frames?
Ipswich?
Garrett says don't die.
Drive safe for whatever the fuck.
All right, well, I want to do gender balance.
Not that we adhere to a binary
cisnormative fucking thing,
but I'm just saying
from the other end of that spectrum...
Dan, Dan, Dan, Dan,
don't turn around. Don't turn around.
Just don't stop moving.
Just don't fucking turn around.
Just be very still.
Her visual acuity is based on movement, Dan.
Fuck it.
If you're going to turn around, turn around very slowly.
Jesus.
Okay.
I thought it was a huntsman.
They're everywhere.
All right.
Are you coming up?
Or are you just coming back from the bathroom?
No, she was going to her seat.
Oh, okay.
She just took a giant shit.
She's coming back to her seat.
Did you want to come up?
Yeah, come on up.
Poop lady, everybody.
Hello, madam.
Sorry, I couldn't quite hear that.
Your name again?
Claire, Claire, everybody.
Welcome, Claire.
Claire, okay, Claire.
I'm going to confirm your Australian authenticity.
Could you read this top line in bold face for me?
Don't go in the loop for a while.
I just dropped a polline handsome.
I wrote that in the green room.
And then it worked perfectly.
Who would imagine that I do have taken a shit?
I didn't hear a thing, I swear.
Perfect timing.
There's no coincidences on the gunner, Dan.
Everything eventually leads there.
Okay, here's your question.
Oh, what we've been doing while you were pooping is we were...
Fill me in.
We're bringing Australians up and we're asking them questions.
She might have been doing coke.
We don't know, Dan.
I have a question.
I could ask.
Do you have a question?
Do you have a burning one?
Let's just say the same one.
Why is it called Capsicum?
Well, I wasn't aware that bell pepper and capsicum
were the same thing for such a long time.
So I know you guys called chili pepper.
Yeah.
Chili peppers, you know.
So I don't know if that was always confusion for me,
but no, I can't answer your question.
I got one. Can I ask one, Dan?
Maybe it's on your list, I don't know.
Because we don't prepare anything.
I went to a place in Brisbane to get a burger,
a veggie burger,
and there are three cheese options.
One was like a fancy Parmesan kind of situation.
And the other two
were cheddar and the other
tasty.
Okay.
So I woke up and this burger shack was really good.
They're all Korean
people that work behind the...
It's a Korean-run burger restaurant.
And I was like, what is tasty cheese?
That's one of our cheeses.
You know, it's tasty cheese.
And we just
did a Celtic knot mobius strip conversation.
Yeah.
Cody took a picture of it.
There was three cheese crackers and the flavors
were mild,
or low-tasty...
Extra tasty, super tasty.
It's like, mother fucker,
give me the tastiest cracker.
Why would I want the least...
I don't have time for this shit.
I'm American.
If you got a less tasty one,
give it to your family.
Don't sell it to me.
People don't know this about them,
but when he's talking about crackers,
he becomes Bill Cosby.
Well, you've given me the perfect opportunity
to talk about how American cheese is not cheese.
I'm sure everyone here will agree with me.
Thank you.
I mean, it's literally...
They call it processed cheese food.
Also, you caught us at our least patriotic.
Like, you could say anything you wanted.
The Statue of Liberty is a dildo.
Probably.
But no, basically,
any cheese versus American.
I personally haven't tried it,
but I'm sure all of us can tell just by looking at it.
It's not cheese.
No, I mean...
American cheese is not cheese.
Like, are singles?
Why is that on the table?
American cheese is like a building material.
Like, it's fucking...
Jesus Christ.
For the listeners.
Dan threatened to show off his rippling abs.
But, yeah, what you guys call, like, single cheese?
I call that plastic cheese.
I don't know if I'm alone here, but...
We all hate it.
No one likes it.
No, it's not...
The bar was low, you know?
Like, what else are you better than...
Also, your guys...
Your guys' Kit Kats taste better here.
Oh, so good.
Like, the chocolate here is better than American chocolate.
We have shit chocolate.
Yeah, from what I hear,
it's like American, Australian,
and then English as far as sugar goes.
So, England is like the most sweet.
Yeah, their sweeties are pretty good.
Yeah, no, I have a British friend who says
Australian chocolate just tastes awful.
I can't find here.
And Canada, and the thinking one is
the coffee crisp.
Have you ever had that? No.
Oh, it's a fucking...
Yeah.
Okay, I love the coffee crisp.
Did they have them here? Did they have them in Oz?
You're Canadian. Those are good, right?
Yeah, it's like a giant coffee-flavored Kit Kat.
I'll fucking get you there.
See you all the way there, Holmes.
You know, there's more...
Coffee crisp.
Hey, Jeff...
Wait, we never asked...
I already forgot your name. Claire.
Jackson.
Miss Jackson, if you're nasty.
Claire.
What's his name from Die Hard?
Wait, did we ever ask her a question?
Oh, here's a question.
Where are the homeless people?
Where are they?
I can't speak for Brisbane,
but in Melbourne, once it hits nine,
they come out at night.
So they have homes, maybe?
Do they have homes?
I'm not from Melbourne, personally,
so I can't really say.
I'm usually here at night, so...
Oh, shit.
Oh, it's turning Brisbane in here.
It's getting Brisbane-y!
All right, well,
let's have a hand for Claire, and we're going to...
Claire, everybody.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to go get another Aussie.
It's been good, right?
No, no, it's fine.
You're a fisher of people.
Oh, like Jesus.
Yeah.
He made the angels.
There's a holy ghost.
Ghosts are involved there.
God can be a ghost, and the angels are probably...
That's Jesus' ghost.
Because he died.
That's not true.
Prove it.
Do you have any bishops in the house?
I got my eye on this guy.
What's your name, sir?
Owen.
Owen, come on up.
Making his way to the stage, and leaps and bounce.
All right.
What's going on with these guys?
Look at these fuckers. Everybody looks cool.
Hello, Owen.
How's it going?
I like your pants.
I like those pants a lot.
I didn't even play music, because I was too dazzled by his trousers.
Those are exciting.
Am I playing this microphone?
Yeah, yeah.
Try this top one to see if you're Australian.
Which one's this one?
The top one in boldface.
How's the serenity?
So much serenity.
All right.
Try that other one.
Yank train.
I put a boogie doll down.
I kind of made that one up.
Okay, all right.
Try this top one.
No, no.
I can't be doing that one.
A lot of girls tell me my dick looks like a boomerang,
because it's flat and wouldn't invent.
I don't think you're Australian.
Well, both my parents are Irish.
But I've lived here all my life.
Oh, okay.
Pick it up for Broad Meadows.
Yeah.
That's why you're wearing a chart and have green hair.
You really are Irish.
A different take.
Okay, so here's our question for you.
Forgot your name.
Owen.
You're three for three then.
That's fine.
Okay, Owen.
Is it isolation
you endure for control
or is it that once you gain control
you crave isolation?
What does that even mean?
Yeah.
It means I'm about to get a podcasty.
Oh, shit.
All right, maybe that's a...
Wait, wait, wait.
I'll save that question for someone else.
All right, let's see.
Have you tried... Have you played
Mario Run yet?
Mario Run?
It's on the iPhone? Okay.
A lot of people.
Don't feel bad.
All right, okay. Owen, what are utes
and why are they scandalous?
Because I suppose
a lot of people fuck at the back of them
in country towns and stuff.
So what's a ute?
It's like a truck. It's a truck.
That's what the deal is.
It's a pickup truck.
Okay, like a lorry.
We call them lorries.
It's a lot of crazy. People drive utes.
It's for like tradies and stuff, I suppose.
What are the pickup trucks
that have like weird cages in the back?
Is everyone just like
captured a crocodile? What are those?
You know what I'm talking about?
For the homeless?
All right, okay.
We got that sorted.
I think someone said Dippy Bag
that truly answers the question.
This is...
It's really... It's happening again.
No, I know.
Yeah, I mean it's...
It's our fault. We're too liberal
with the lower case.
Someone either yelled haggis or faggots.
I don't know what that one was.
Well, we can't drag Owen up here
and expect him to be a ute expert.
I think you're asking the wrong person.
I'm not a type of person that drives a ute.
Do you have any other Australian questions?
Um, okay.
Uh...
Yes. No.
I have a question.
Owen, what do you do here in Brisbane?
I mean, sorry, Melbourne.
Fucking...
Go back to Ipswich.
I just wanted to see if you guys were listening, man.
What do you do here in Melbourne?
I roll burritos in a place called Fonda.
Nice.
Yeah, man.
On Chapel Street.
What's the secret to a properly rolled burrito?
I just love, man.
I love it, man.
It's why my burritos...
We're from Southern California.
When I travel to places that aren't Southern California,
I don't really go for Mexican food
because I get so much at home.
But there's a lot of Mexican joints around here.
What you really want is an
Australian-Ira steward rolling your burrito.
You really do. With love.
Is the Mexican food good here?
No, no, no. It's terrible.
It's terrible.
It's really good.
I was in London for a couple weeks
and there was all these Mexican places.
I'm not going to get guacamole
from London avocados.
I don't think I coincidentally
ate at the only good restaurant in Melbourne.
There must be great restaurants here
because I had the best Italian dinner in my life tonight
before the show.
But there's a lot of Italian people here
and they kind of grew this country.
There wasn't a lot of Mexican dudes
that came down and said,
I want to build a restaurant here.
Both my bosses are Australian dudes
that spent two weeks in Mexico.
So it's just like
you can't spend two weeks
and know how to make food.
This is ridiculous, man.
Are they Australian or Irish?
They're Australian dudes.
So they just kind of backpack down there?
Yeah, they're not even chefs.
One was a firefighter.
It doesn't make any sense.
Is that the logo?
A firefighter and a lawyer?
There's a pen and a hose crossing each other.
And one guy said to the other,
I love these burritos!
Yeah, yeah.
I like that burrito mic!
I don't know, it's confusing.
The burritos are great.
But you can't just go down and get high in Mexico
over two weeks and come back and think
that you know how to make a goddamn burrito.
The first burrito they opened up
was visibly.
Are you scared of kangaroos?
Yeah, man.
They're scary, right?
They have human arms.
And if they bite you,
they try and kill your dog.
And if they bite you, you become one, right?
Yeah.
And you'd have to kill the head of the bloodline
to gain your freedom.
If a kangaroo walked up to you,
you're not going to go, oh, adorable.
You're going to put your fucking fists up.
And that plays right into their game, right?
That's when they pull out a mob of kangaroos.
It's not a fun time.
They travel in packs?
Yeah, they travel in mobs.
It's like a murder of crows.
Just like across the streets of Melbourne at night?
Yeah.
That's the...
All right, well...
And that's where the homeless people go.
They get into fucking one-on-one fights.
They morph into kangaroos.
Yeah, I thought maybe there was
a Highlander thing happening.
All right.
Well, let's have a hand for...
I already forgot.
Thank you, brother.
They're good people.
They're polite.
They're warm.
They're jocular.
You fucking dick.
It's a good word.
Jolly, silly.
They're amicable.
They're gregarious.
They're Karangamagi.
That guy just keeps yelling weird ass shit up there.
I think he said bangerang.
But also it's okay if you...
What's bangerang?
Some bullshit.
It's from Hook.
It's a line from Hook.
It's what the kids say when they jump around
and ruin the pre-ruined myth of Peter Pan.
Why is it every eight years
rich people in Hollywood think
that poor people
indulge their fucking youth obsession
with this...
Who the fuck cares about Peter Pan?
Rich people love Peter Pan.
Every eight years, some director's like,
I love Peter Pan.
Yeah, because you're fucking weirdo.
You were raised in a vat
underneath Malibu.
Peter Pan is lame.
Sorry, I didn't know Peter Pan was here.
For me,
for me,
the interesting thing about Peter Pan
was Wendy in that little night dress.
I mean, the dog was...
I was 6'2", motherfucker.
I didn't start watching
when I was 28.
I'd like to get some of that Wendy.
But you know what's...
I mean, you ever see...
You ever see like a...
A grown man naked?
You know, like a lady
dressed as Peter Pan? That's pretty hot.
Yeah, because I have a short
hair fetish.
Girls dressed like elves,
I'm pretty into it.
There was a girl one time
that worked at this bar in our neighborhood
and she dressed as David Bowie from Man It Felt Earth
with the short red hair
and kind of the Aladdin-sane kind of Bowie.
Like a Pauline Henson kind of.
Look.
You see a picture of her? Huh?
Pauline Henson kind of looks like the Man It Felt Earth.
A little bit.
Really? Do you see a picture of her?
Doesn't she look like that?
They showed me a picture after I talked about her
for 40 minutes last night.
There she is. I was like, oh, she looks like a...
Did you go home and have some private night thoughts
about Pauline Henson that night?
You know,
judge not,
lest ye be judged, Melbourne.
Did you give it the old
banger ring?
I jeffed her.
Let's hold Jeff Pauline
Henson tonight, shall we?
You do nothing else tonight.
Try to Jeff Pauline Henson
with all your heart.
That's the only way we'll win.
We're not going to win with shame and hate.
We can't wait for them to become honest.
Just Jeff.
Jeff the liberals.
That's a weird calling them liberals.
All right.
So,
I don't know if this is interesting,
but by all means, lay it out.
I only paid $1,000 for a ticket.
And what? Fuck you.
I flew here.
It was expensive. Well, yeah, because it was first class.
You know what? Keep pulling threads, man.
Maybe I won't come back. Fine with me.
Fine with you.
This is actually how Dan thinks.
He just...
He'd say, it's the way they invented the boomerang.
Very passive aggressive people.
Did you just throw
something at me? No.
If I did, why would I still have it?
I meant because it was past them
and then it was coming back around
to hit them in the back of their head.
Yeah, but mine was funnier.
Yeah.
So, we were on the airplane coming out
and Cody, my girlfriend,
her device,
the screen thing
got stuck on the setting
for blind people
where it describes
in audio everything that's happening on screen.
Oh, yeah. The video screened for the films
on the flight.
And then we, like,
lean into it.
You know how all the movies begin
with logos?
Title cards and things.
The person that
describes the movie for the blind
describes the logos, and I wrote
three of them down.
It was amazing.
So, here.
Yeah.
And then the guy goes,
searchlights sweep an evening sky
carrying a towering edifice
in the form of 20th Century Fox
with the lights of Hollywood,
palm trees, and the hills
beyond.
He says that.
To me, it feels like I'm sure we have blind
listeners. I mean, I would hope we do.
I would hope that maybe we could be a part
of a visually impaired person's
enjoyment of life.
And so I guess I confess to that person
and it would be fun
to talk to a visually impaired
person about this stuff, but
do we have anybody tonight by any chance?
No!
Don't jump!
Are you
visually impaired
up there?
Like,
you're not blind yet.
You're going blind.
Jesus Christ!
This guy is not
fucking convinced, baby.
You're
going blind.
How, uh,
you shut it.
Are you going blind too?
Yeah.
It doesn't matter.
I think we've gotten off of the track here.
I was just
reading these descriptions. This guy is just going
blind drunk. She's actually got a fucking
condition. We're all going to be blind in 10 years,
sir.
Basically, my eyes are going.
Alright, that didn't land.
What's your name up there, miss?
Alice.
How long do you think you have until
you're completely blind?
Say what?
Five 10 years?
So what percentage vision do you currently
have?
Seven.
You fucking
kind of fucking Jeff you so hard, man.
Jackson style,
right in the ass.
World's worst life coach.
Listen, we're going to go to the show, but you're going
blind. Why don't you stay on the balcony?
I'm going to use the good ticket.
And if you need any help or advice, I'll just yell
back at you.
Okay.
And then it'll be $500.
But, well,
look, I mean, I don't, well,
you can, I'm going to ask you a yes or no question.
It was at Alice, and
you can just yell down.
And to me, when I hear somebody
describing something
for the blind in this intense
like rapturous voice,
to me that seems almost
mocking. Like,
you wouldn't believe what you're seeing
what I'm seeing and you can't see.
Like, oh my god, it's
crazy. The lights are alive
over the 20th century.
Doesn't that seem,
is that offensive?
Yeah, probably.
Yeah, that's as close as we're going to get.
She's not blind yet.
She's, like me, not blind
and has my answer,
probably. We really need
a blind person down here immediately
if you're listening, make some calls.
But anyways, but that's a, yeah,
but it's, and then, so here's
two more.
I rewind it a thousand times and,
and...
Dan and Cody were laughing so hard
as the middle of the night flying across the ocean
and they're just giggling so loud
like, what are you guys watching?
It's so completely descriptive
and the guy is really into it.
Can you imagine ever having to describe
those fucking, like, title cards?
The second one was
a bearded bronze figure
like a classical warrior shoots an arrow
which flies through the holes
in a row of ax blades.
T.S.G. Entertainment.
Like, if you could
like, have that guy
pitch back their logo
to them while they were designing,
that does sound stupid.
It sounds a little busy.
Why is he shooting an arrow
through a row of ax blades?
That's exactly what happens.
I would like to see, like, Tristar,
Pegasus is flying at you.
An ordinary horse gallops
across the horizon.
Oh, it's got wings now.
It's quickly sprouting wings.
It soars over the viewer.
A giant boy ruins the three-dimensionality
of a crescent moon by sitting on it
and fishing.
You wonder
if the moon is up his ass crack
as he waits patiently
for a fish that may never exist.
That can't be comfortable.
So, and then this is the last one.
This is like, this one really
like, like, like,
light gleams off a metal letter C
which hangs from a chain
casting shadows on cinder black walls
on either side of it.
Two rectangles cut from the C
make the right-hand shadow
look like an E.
Churned in entertainment.
No, I was watching that one before
I turned the audio and that visual
didn't even scan.
Yeah, no, and then someone has to scan it
and send it back.
Shame on you, Churned in entertainment.
Just make it like a tree that gets hit by lightning.
Like a star war or something.
A little robot
is dancing around and then he's a bad robot.
Like, you know,
some people do it right.
A lion who's had a long day
is forced to roar like he's an actual lion.
He's kind of
phoning it in.
MGM.
You're a sound effect describer?
Wait, sorry, I need to hear this.
What did you say?
I'm a describer.
Oh, you're saying...
Are you a person that does this for a living?
You are a describer?
And you've been sitting there quietly
while this fucking lunatic over here
is like, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
So this is what you do?
Well, would you come up and talk to us?
No?
Describe a...
It's...
It's not part of my craft
to be the center of the spotlight
visually.
I know I can't do your accent.
That's the whole point.
What's your name is?
Sansara.
Fantastic, welcome Sansara to the stage.
You can take this...
You can take this microphone.
Sansara,
you're like a thunder cat.
No, that's Chitara, Dan.
Why would Sansara be a thunder cat?
There's no cat in the name.
You just heard the aura part
and connected the dumbest dot.
It's more like the Wheel of Fortune.
I'm sorry I was rude.
So you do describing
live theater?
Yes, I do live theater.
You're sitting next to somebody who's visually impaired
and you can't hear it?
No, no, we get put in a booth
and back and they get little headsets.
So one ear they hear us
and the other ear they're watching.
And so you have to just freestyle
and watch what's happening
and then describe that for them?
Oh, really, we actually usually see the show three times.
Oh, so you're quite well rehearsed then?
Yes.
Is it scripted out or are you just kind of rolling with it?
We just take some notes
and then sort of go from that.
We describe it pretty well.
Not to put you on the spot.
Everybody close your eyes.
That guy close your mouth.
Everyone else close your eyes.
All right, wait.
I'm trying to figure out
because it's pantomime and that wouldn't make sense.
Wait, don't yell stuff out.
You're a terrible person.
We're having a good show, sir.
You will not ruin this.
It's only...
Holy shit, how much more time do we have?
Three more hours.
All right, okay.
About a standard opera.
All right, so...
I'm going to try to do something physical.
I guess it'll be like mining.
So there's a middle-aged man
with gray hair and a beard
in a gray t-shirt a bit dirty
and creased cocky pants.
Thank you.
I feel violent.
I feel Xeroxed.
I didn't talk about issues.
I feel like you faxed me.
I was reduced.
All right, that's great.
Go ahead and then...
So he raises his left leg as if to step.
He grabs the foot.
So he pretends to take off his shoe
and holds it in front of him.
He now pushes the shoe
as if it had buttons.
He holds the shoe to his ear
and pretends to talk.
You can talk too.
She just describes the action.
Hey, Kevin.
It's been seven years since you've spoken
to me on my shoe.
Looks angry.
He breathes heavily.
I'll get it.
There's a split screen.
Honey.
I'm sorry, you're on the phone.
Oh, never mind the split screen.
If you're on the phone,
I can go back into the kitchen.
There's a man in a dark suit.
That's all you fucking need.
I thought you were coming.
Getting hair or anything.
Are you guys like referees?
Can we sue you and stuff?
Yeah, we're classist.
Honey, listen.
I need to speak with you.
Please come back.
The man in the suit walks towards him.
They stare at each other.
He pulls out a gun and points it
at the man in the t-shirt.
Honey, I'm leaving you.
The man in the t-shirt holds out his hands
imploringly.
He points.
He throws something.
The shoe.
The shoe hits the man in the suit.
He falls to the ground.
The older man runs up
and grabs the gun.
They wrestle.
It points at the audience.
It points to the left again.
They grapple.
They do the hokey pokey.
They start doing a Charleston.
They're now smiling.
The man in the t-shirt
pretends to open up his chest.
And a snake comes out.
The man in the suit licks his fingers
and jeffs the man in the t-shirt.
Did she say jeffs?
She said jeffs.
All right.
The lovely
the lovely
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
That was wonderful.
That was so pro.
That was absolutely great.
Shit.
How do we top sansara?
I don't know.
She knows...
She gathers information
and she knows what jeffing is now.
I don't want to jinx it,
but we're having the best show we've ever had in our lives.
It's fucking like...
I don't want to make it a bad show
by saying that.
There's a thousand people there from a different continent
and we're fucking nailing it.
What time do we start?
How much time do we have to...
Fuck.
We can end it right now.
No, no, for God's sakes.
It would hurt my feelings if you said yes.
Thank you.
Even though you were thinking yes,
now would be a good time to end the show.
It should be an hour long. You don't have an act.
You're a podcaster.
Let's just suffer.
The next chapter is the atonement
with the father,
but that's heteronormative.
It's like the
little story circle where the middle of the show
we just met with the goddess,
Sincero,
not to put too fine a point on it.
Now we have to pay the price.
She literally described
what it was we were doing.
We can't keep reacting now.
We're moving forward. We now have to have volition.
We have to decide we want to accomplish something
and that's when we're going to get our asses.
You and I have talked about a couple of times doing,
maybe this is a bad pitch,
and I don't know, Spencer, you're probably not prepared for this.
Like Dan and I,
we're not allowed to. We can't do it anymore.
No, let's do it. I decided in the green room, let's do it.
As long as it's not medieval fantasy,
I think we're going to do it.
We were talking about bringing back
a little bit of role playing back into the show.
I'll take the heat on this one.
Yeah, I mean there's concern
because Harmon Quest, and are we stepping on toes?
We'll take, we'll take,
I'll take, it'll be like a promotion.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
This is like a big commercial for Harmon Quest on CISO
which you probably can't even watch here
because your country doesn't have it.
Spencer, I don't reckon you have any dice on you, probably.
What?
Dice. Oh, that's fine.
Someone said they have dice.
I'm sure.
You've got multi-sided dice?
Actually, half of our crowd has dice on them.
You're not going to gather a thousand Australian
Armenians and not have at least nine dice.
Why don't we have him...
Well, this guy's got a full-on sack of dice.
It's Eric Werheim from Tim and Eric.
Who's a very handsome person.
I'm sure we'll get these back.
What's your name, sir?
Bodi? Bodi, alright.
That's rugged.
Stay and play with us since it's your dice.
Okay, yeah.
And then,
let's use
Giggly Pink Hair
who was like, don't call on me.
I don't want to sit next to the...
Do you want to come up?
You don't have to come up.
I can't hear what you're saying.
Blue hair. I don't see through that lens.
You could have been anything.
What's your name?
Jenna.
Okay, Jenna, everybody.
You know what?
Hello, Jenna.
It occurs to me that for our
listeners, because we're not live streaming us,
we should just have a sensora at all times
just describing
the visual bits.
Oh, yeah.
And then we cannot pay her for her services
that she gets paid for.
It's a soft spot with Spencer.
He's
been officially
an audience guest
for three and a half years.
It's just, you know, I don't know.
That just seems like literally her job.
No, yeah.
I mean, it's like, yeah, notice she didn't
like bound up here. She was like,
she got to go sat there. It was like,
we made her come up. She's like, yeah,
fucking, I do this at parties too.
It's worth money.
That's why I got the bling.
Jenna, are you a local?
Ish.
Where are you from?
Oh, grab that mic behind you there.
Yeah.
A bearded man behind the folding
table gets turned on.
I'm not going to participate in this.
You're not? No. What?
I'm originally from Moe, which is a very
good. Wow.
Yeah. I only know that because I know
Scottish friends.
Wait, what are you participating in?
What do you mean? I didn't hear that part.
She doesn't want to participate.
Oh, in this? Oh, you don't have to, for God's
sake. I'm up here now.
Oh, well, wait, are you, come on.
You get to decide whether you want to be
up here or not be up here. You're not playing
that. I'm interested in what I've got myself
into, so we'll play it out.
All right. Okay.
I shouldn't have made someone come up.
You're going to have a great time,
but it's consensual.
What's happening is
my point.
Honestly, before I came up here,
I thought this was all staged and now
because I wasn't prepared for this, I know
it's not, so it's great.
And now the show called
and it's in her turning into a tiger, at
which point you realize the whole thing is staged.
What branch of science
are you involved in? Pharmaceutical science.
All right.
Not the good kind.
What do you mean? The bad kind?
Poison.
I don't get to take the drug, so it's not that great.
Right. So do you manufacture,
create them, market them? What do you do?
Help lead them into clinical trials.
Cool.
Do you work for like some sort of evil pharmaceutical
company? No.
But we facilitate them.
Yeah.
We don't work for them. We make billions
off of them.
We're not for profit.
Wait, you are? Not for profit?
In America, that doesn't mean anything.
Because you can't put a price on hegemony.
Are nonprofits like a big deal here?
Like, in America, like,
there's for-profit companies that just decide
to operate as nonprofits in America
because no one gives a fuck.
There's probably strict standards here, right?
I know what my boss tells me.
Right. No, I never implied
you weren't. I'm sure you're
a great employee. Yeah.
All right. Well...
Are you currently on some of your own supply right now?
I wish.
This is good. Remember what I said.
We're proceeding through volition and we're going to get our asses
kicked, right? Yeah.
We met with the goddess. We did what was easy.
Yeah. Now going back up the other side of the circle
is a hand-over-hand climb back up into the conscious realm.
So now we're going to improvise a role-playing game
because we don't have character sheets.
We don't have a race.
Now, Brody. But, Brody, sorry.
Brody, I can safely assume
that you are a role-playing enthusiast
because you have a sack of dice on you.
Yeah.
Let's not jump to conclusion.
He might just be
a weird gambler.
The world's
kiniest pedophile. Come on,
19!
And, Jenna,
have you ever played
a D&D Pathfinder role-playing game before?
I'm more of a game watcher.
It's 9-11.
It's 9-11, kills our crowd.
So, Jesus,
you insensitive
Antipodeans.
We have feelings on the other side of the world.
All right.
That was a horrifying interlude.
Have you ever had any experience
with this, Jenna, before we proceed?
No. I'm more of a game watcher
than a game player because I have rage issues.
You have rage issues?
Yes. We should be a barbarian.
Probably.
Is this going to suit me?
Spencer will kind of create
a little world for us right now.
Do you want to do characters first
and then the world or other way around, do you think?
She can be a pharmaceutical barbarian.
Okay.
What do you want to be?
A pharmaceutical barbarian is fucking awesome.
You, like, pop a bottle of pills
and then you just bust through a wall or something.
That'd be amazing.
Isn't that kind of the story of Popeye?
Yeah.
He's kind of a drug addict barbarian.
Hey, don't knock him. He's amazing.
He's great. Yeah.
He's a sailor.
Bode, what do you want to be?
What class and race do you want to be?
Is this fantasy?
It's whatever.
Whatever you want.
Let's make it kind of shadow-running
if she's a post-apocalyptic baby
in a George Miller tradition.
What's the wizard of that?
Yeah. Well, I don't know.
Like a psychic or you could just be magic.
You pick and then I'll either tell you it's dumb
or we'll let it go.
Bode, what do you
love to play in the normal
milieu that you play?
Wizards is 100%.
We need a good magic user.
Let's get that going on.
You want to just let him be a wizard in this milieu?
Yeah. No, that's great.
I want to be a person
that
is real smart
and is good
at talking
and entertaining people.
All right.
Because I always play rogues.
I want to go for fighter. I want to be like a tough guy
because I never do that.
I'll be like just a straight up.
Can you be an elf fighter?
Sure.
I'm an elf fighter named
Smorf.
Good, good.
Okay.
All right.
You want to give them a theme?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let's do that.
That's what you guys want.
That's what you starve for down in this desert.
You want that sweet
fucking dungeon master
sound?
You want a ssss?
Nature box.
No, I'm not going to do that again.
Okay.
It's been years since Pauline Henson
turned into a robot
and took over the entire continent.
The scattered peoples
of Australia have
summoned their will to fight
but have largely been crushed down
and pushed to the far corners
of the outback.
That brings us to today
where our heroes are driving in a
Ute
up towards Ipswich.
You find yourself
blocked.
A roadblock is in your way
guarded by several barbarians
like post-apocalyptic ones
like Mad Max shit situation
because that's the world you're in.
Okay.
Roadblock, barbarians, Mad Max
shit, Ute
go.
We're all in the same Ute.
What's the truck called?
Ute?
Like the Native American Indian tribe?
Right. Seems offensive.
Like a utility.
Not here though.
All right. Here you go.
The dude abodes.
All right. I'm drunk. I'm drunk. I'm drunk.
No, that's good.
Take me to jail.
Don't apologize.
I'll just break out. It's all made out of
rabbit pelts.
All your jails.
I think the show's taking a turn.
Yeah. It's a detonement.
Yeah.
Are there rabbits here?
Okay.
What are those called?
Acabora?
Acuba?
The $400 ones are made out of rabbit pelts.
We learned that in Brazil.
Not pelts hide.
Six rabbits to make a hat.
Six rabbits?
Right.
I like rabbits. Can we not kill them, please?
I agree.
I'm killing my end of the bargain.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
I'm driving this ute.
I'm the tough meathead guy.
I'm driving my ute.
But it's also got one of those dudes
in the front.
In Fury Road that plays guitar.
That's me.
I'm the bard kind of guy.
You're a bard?
Yeah.
He's a popular, well-liked talking guy.
Talking and making people look like things.
What's your name? What's your character's name?
Dan.
Hamo.
Dan Hamo.
You call me Hamo because it's a George Miller wasteland.
Hey! Hamo!
Oi!
It's like we got company up in front of us.
Struth.
Is Jenna with us right now or no?
Yeah, you're all together.
Yeah, we're all the same.
What's your character's name, Jenna?
Can I just be Jenna?
Yeah, that's easy.
Shaza.
We can go with that. It's very Australian.
Shaza?
Yeah, we'll go with Shaza.
It sounds dirty.
What's your character?
Filtor the Purifier.
Oh, yeah.
Filtor?
Yeah, like it's a joke on filtration, I think.
Filtor.
Filtor the Purifier.
What's up?
I didn't get that. I just loved the passion.
This is...
Are you related to Britta?
Everyone starts shooting at you.
Oh, wait!
I turned the car hard left
and go into like a drift
in my ute.
And I kick open the passenger door
and I take out
my sawdough shotgun
that has
four barrels.
Okay.
You try to pull a drift
but your ute is too top heavy
and it tumbles over.
Jesus Christ!
You manage to pull yourself out with your shotgun
and you're like on top of it
and now Dan is all sprawled out.
Dan!
You all right, mate?
Yeah.
Where are the guys,
the barbarian guys?
They're in front of you.
I...
I wave surrender.
All right, all right.
Fair dinkum!
They hold their multiple rifles
above your head
and fire several warning shots
a couple feet above your head
and they're badass or cool or something.
I got it, I got it.
Fair dinkum.
Good day, sirs.
My name is Dan Hammo.
We're merely
requesting passage across your wasteland
for we have...
Dan, I've got this. I can offer some heroin.
As the pharmacy to go by a baron,
I've got it.
I didn't hear most of what she said.
She has heroin.
Do you just want to let us know?
Oh, we...
We have...
We'd be happy to pay a toll for passage
in the form of narcotics.
Yeah, we'll take that.
We'll take all of it.
Could I whisper...
Do you know these guys?
I don't want to assume,
but did you go to the barbarian school or something?
I aced barbarian school.
Do you recognize them?
Barbarian med school.
I say, well, I talked to them
and they want to take all of our stuff.
And I give them that look
that says, you guys have talked
about this before.
I now just duck behind the thing
and you guys go crazy.
I say, oh, yeah, sure.
Hey, Jenna,
give me all of your heroin
and I'll go over there
and give it to them.
And I mean,
really give it to them.
I'm sure you will.
Okay.
You made it sound sexual.
I was trying to make it sound violent.
I was not...
Okay.
I take the heroin.
All right.
And what...
And as I take it from her,
I take one of my small
proximity mines,
the grenades that I have
in my little pouch.
And it should be noted that long ago,
I have this prosthetic
post...
this wasteland prosthetic leg
that's like guitar parts.
And I've been
strumming a certain...
It's like a thing that lowers their armor class.
Or wait, raises it?
It lowers their defenses.
It lowers enemy defenses.
It's like a buff or a...
Yeah, well, why don't you could
make it easier to hit them?
Yeah, I make my teammates
better at combat.
I inspire them with like a...
It's a critical inspire.
And that would have been way more offensive
where we come from, but it's great to
just did it down here. It doesn't matter.
When I said proximity mine,
it's a remote mine.
It's a little tiny thing.
I attach to the bottom of the bag of heroin.
And I have a remote control.
And I go, okay guys,
don't take all of our heroin.
Just take as much as you need.
We'll take all of your heroin
and even more than that.
We'll take other stuff.
Maybe we'll take you slaves, you know?
Oh, yeah.
I give them the heroin and I go,
hey, here, you take the heroin.
I forgot, back in the Ute,
I've got a whole bunch more stuff.
I'll be right back.
Hey guys, help me carry all the gold
and gasoline
over to our captors.
And we all kind of walk back
out of range of my explosive defense.
All right. Barbarian guy won.
He motions to someone else
to come over and test the heroin.
He's kind of poking around
with his finger and touching it
to his eye and stuff.
Are they all...
How closely grouped are they
to the heroin?
They're about five meters
across. They're kind of spread out.
There's about seven of them.
There's maybe three of them.
Okay, my character doesn't know metric.
Oh, you're in Australia, bitch.
Five meters as well.
Okay, I know it's five meters.
So I say, yeah, guys,
it's the best heroin in town.
Get right in there.
We're going to carry the shit over
to you. And then when we're far
enough out of range,
the detonation device
I have in my cyber eye
because I have a cyborg eye.
And whenever I want things to blow up,
I go blank. I wink.
And I detonate
the explosive heroin.
All right.
Okay, yeah.
All right. Your mind blows up
tearing them limb from limb.
Three of the barbarians
and knocking the other four
to the ground.
Did we lose our shit anyway?
You're welcome. Thank you.
Attack, Bode, get them.
Could I do like an atmospheric smoke effect
around us with my
sandpunk
stuff? Yeah.
Waving your hands in a magical manner.
You kick up a dust shield.
Good job, Bode.
Good job.
Can we still see them now?
Or are we all just hiding behind
a dust wall? You can't see
too well.
So
we had the upper hand
and now we're just in a dust storm.
Let's get to the ute.
Everyone feel around for the ute.
Oh, you can see the ute, but it's on its side now.
It's on its side only.
Right. No, we got to finish
these barbarians off and steal
what they got. This is a wasteland.
We got to get their goods. We got to steal what they got?
That's like
sucking on a mosquito.
They were robbing us. They don't have anything.
Maybe they rob everybody. Maybe they're the
richest people in town. Maybe they rob everybody.
This is what I just said.
Maybe they rob everybody.
Yeah, maybe they rob everybody.
That's not bad.
One barbarian, one kind of barbarian
doesn't rob everybody.
Why don't barbarians rob other barbarians?
They'd have all the stuff.
They rob people.
All right.
Yeah.
Jenna, what is
your specialty again?
Pharmaceuticals.
Pharmaceutical barbarian.
Go get them.
Go get them with what?
Take drugs and beat them.
I already got them to take heroin. Surely that'll
lock them in and they'll be right.
They'll die eventually from their habit.
Yeah, eventually.
It's a slow thing,
but it'll work.
Bullets cut through the air.
Jesus, you said in your contract with us
you would take drugs and beat people.
You said that was your thing.
I have still not been offered cocaine.
That would make me angry and that would definitely
make me do that.
Take the cocaine on your couch.
I take cocaine and I bash everybody up.
Pray.
For those who came here
tonight with your parents,
thanks for convincing them to drive you down.
Thank God my parents aren't here
because they'd be so disappointed in me right now.
She's going into a cocaine
field barbarian rage right now?
All right.
How are you going to attack?
I'm going to be all
legs.
Okay.
Not a lot of people have an answer to that.
That's great.
Leaping into the dust shield
you take a bullet to the shoulder
but you wrap your legs
tightly around one of the barbarians
popping his head clean off.
That's all.
I use relentless
voice shout.
It's a Nord thing from Skyrim.
I learned it at the throat of the world.
What does it do?
It creates a
force
in a radius
equivalent to my level
that removes outward
diminishing one foot
pound per hex
as it knocks
any ready warriors
back into a stunned position
and makes flat footed any previously
alerted monsters.
I stopped paying attention
when Steve showed up.
You do that.
It works.
They're all flat footed.
Also, the force
it knocks clean the road block
but the truck's still on its side.
Let's take one of their barbarian trucks
or let's each...
You guys should get trucks.
We still have a ute though, right?
Am I strong enough
to write the truck
on my ownership?
Is that a teamwork tendency?
You don't know.
I'm in a cocaine rage.
Hey, Cokie McTavish.
Go set the truck right.
Yeah, I can do that.
Yeah, it's done.
So confident.
It's all legs.
Yeah, because you're supposed to lift from the legs
and if you're all legs, then you're...
Perfect. That's all you got.
It's a live gut.
Are they all dead?
No, there's three alive.
Bullets continue to cut through the air.
Let's jump in the car
and just mow them down.
So we get back in the utes
and I hit the gas pedal and aim at them.
Can I do, like,
an unseen servant thing to drive
so none of us have to feel bad about it?
Oh, sure. Okay, nice.
It's very culturally sensitive.
This is a new...
really is a new outback.
All right.
They've really learned to cringe here.
Hammo, you take a bullet in the arm.
Ow!
I didn't sign up for this.
I'm too old for this.
I suck the bullet out of his arm.
All right.
It's great.
And I spit it...
I'm probably not going to work,
but I spit it as hard as I can back at them
to see if I can shoot.
It goes a good seven feet,
but it doesn't hit anyone.
It's pretty good.
I think I said that message.
So where's the
unseen servant driving, then?
Oh, just into the Bob area.
Oh, yeah.
All right. You run over one of them.
Just one.
The other two kind of roll off to the side,
but with the roadblock...
Oh, so none of us have to feel bad about running people over.
I thought you meant about the servitude.
Oh.
Yeah, you don't see it.
I thought he meant that someone wouldn't have to feel bad about driving.
Just the other people.
That's why I praised him.
I'm American.
And rich.
All right. Sorry.
You were saying...
You continue past the roadblock with your momentum.
You've passed the barbarians
that are still alive.
I...
I roll down the window
and flip them off.
All right. That happens.
Fair dinkum.
All right. We got to get into Ipswich.
I...
I think I know the way.
I have local knowledge.
It's 11.
Yeah, yeah.
Everyone knows where it is.
Well, up yours.
Yeah, yeah.
All right. So I drive us towards Ipswich.
And you guys...
We're going into the belly of the beast right now.
You guys understand this.
Yeah. Let's get Pauline.
You're on the outskirts of Ipswich,
but it seems that there's a giant chasm
in the road.
It's Pauline.
It's barring your forward
progress in a u...
How... Why is the chasm?
Uh...
Four meters.
Sorry, sorry, sorry. Seven meters.
Seven meters.
That's what I meant.
I get out of the u
of the edge of the chasm.
I scratch my chin.
Pauline!
I hear no echo.
Yeah.
I look down
and this chasm is kind of beautiful.
It's kind of like the Grand Canyon.
I take a moment
to look at our group
and I say,
how's the chasm?
I look down and this chasm is kind of beautiful.
It's kind of like the Grand Canyon
when I say,
how's the serenity?
It's good, it's good.
So much serenity.
Can I be peeing?
Oh, always.
Sure.
I've had too many drugs and I've already passed out.
You passed out on Coke?
Yeah.
That's impressive.
I didn't know you could do that.
I'm not a well-trained drug taker.
Wizard
Bode
Filtor
Do you have a spell that can get us across this chasm?
I think it might.
Did you just cast magic heckler?
I think it might or something.
It's a flight.
I think it might.
He's just an Australian,
malfunctioning.
Might!
Outback, outback,
crocsplashin'.
Seven meters.
I've got a bunch of rope in the back.
We could try
to grappling hook across this and do a little
fashion of a crude rope bridge.
Or
unless you've got a sexy spell.
Filtor.
I can help out with magic
and so we don't have to throw it.
Crude rope bridge montage.
There's only one thing wrong with this crude rope bridge.
What?
To non-crude.
It's a real rope bridge.
We're wonderful together.
Can someone please remember to carry my body?
I pick up Jenna
and throw her over my shoulder
like fireman style.
Cast.
Filtor.
Part of the magic is that I use her body
as the counterweight on this side.
Oh!
We can pull her over later.
I'm not smart.
I have an intelligence of three.
I've been left behind, but I'm out of it.
Who knows?
You're attached to that.
We can just hoist you back over across.
It might come thumping into the opposite wall.
Look, one at a time and I won't hit me.
Exactly, right.
You're into one of those sleepy coke binge things
that happens to nobody.
I picked the wrong class.
I picked the guy that just talks.
That's all I am.
You got a pretty fancy...
What's that big staff?
That big wooden stick that you have
into your knapsack there.
It looks kind of mystical and magical.
You mean the eye of everything?
It's called the eye of everything?
I push the center of the eye.
It gets stuck.
Yay!
The button gets stuck?
Yeah, no, the button gets stuck.
Oh, okay, well then I won't use it again.
I think that's a really old callback.
It's from the movie.
We made a movie about ourselves and they watched it.
We really owe them a lot.
It's more than just a ticket price.
All right, so we're all across the bridge,
except for Jenna.
I use my macho strengths
and I pull her across
and hoist her up and...
Thank you.
Oh, you're awake?
She hasn't smashed into the wall
and I woke her up.
All right, of course.
While you were passed out,
we used you to counterweight our bridge.
I don't know if you're putting on weight,
but we used you
to counterweight our bridge.
Never talk about a woman's weight, okay?
I was making a joke.
You're a tiny little whisper of a thing.
I appreciate it.
We hit a point where we killed the barbarians.
We could have ended it there.
No, we're across the chasm now.
This is a threshold.
To what end?
To Ipswich.
You're going to give up now?
One button gets stuck
and you just fucking want to call it a day.
I don't know if I like your style.
Do you mean
to say that even though we met with the goddess,
now that things are falling apart?
I think that maybe
it's time that
we should split up company
and find out if
flight can be magic.
I hate you.
I never knew my parents.
We're fighting.
I go away.
Okay.
Jesus.
You're turning into Twitter.
You can't be as drunk as me.
I was the one up here with a fifth of vodka.
I met it Jeff
and I punch a rock and I eat an iguana.
We're not friends anymore
and conflict, conflict.
If you want to be a dick about it,
me, Bodie and Jenna will get in my truck
and we'll take care of business ourselves.
Fine, I hope I never see you again.
I'm going with him.
You're going to go with him?
You know what, fuck both of you then.
Fucking made a bridge.
I thought you had a bridge that's metaphorical
for crossing the difficult
from one place to the other.
I say whoever kills Pauline Henson and Ipswich
is the real post-apocalyptic warrior.
Phil Torre,
are you coming with me?
Are you going with these ding-dongs?
I'm with you.
We get into the Ute and we just hit the pedal.
We'll see you at the finish line.
Tick-suck.
Jenna's character.
Give us Adderall.
I am the one with the drugs
so we all know I'm going to win.
Right?
You're walking, I'm driving at full speed.
See, I've invented this drug
that means we can run at Superman speed.
So we're going to beat you.
I said Adderall.
Give us the...
It's up there.
It's the orange tube on your shoulder.
Break it open.
She does.
Whatever you need.
What's that?
Nice.
Art imitates life.
Oh, no.
Oh, boy.
I just realized it.
Why is the show dragging?
I have a medical condition.
I got the ADD robot.
That's what they all say.
All right, now we're running.
We've got the AD and D.
We're running.
We're running, apparently we're running.
All right, well, we're driving.
Where are you guys going?
To Ipswich.
But you're split up?
Yeah, because we're going to...
We're fighting.
We're going through second act crisis.
No, I got there as conflict.
Now, it just seems like you're doing the same thing.
We want to prove that we can do it better.
They're trying to run at Superman speed
because they're taking super drugs.
And then we'll end up working together.
Which of the purifier and I, we're in the car,
we're going fucking hell for leather.
We're limitless.
Like the movie.
I can't hear you driving.
You know, it's like we're not working together.
Send it in the text.
You continue to drive.
You see the buildings
and shacks of Ipswich.
But out of the corner of your eye,
you see a brown blur.
A kangaroo smashes into your windshield,
the car off the road.
I mean, you're ute off the road.
Well, you're fucked.
We run past it.
Oh, no, this is like miles ahead of you.
We run toward it.
We had the agility, but you were fucked.
The car is totaled.
The ute is totaled.
Is the kangaroo alive or dead?
Oh yeah, it's alive.
It's shaking itself like it's head
and it's like, ah, getting up, you know, and pain.
Filter, can you cast a spell that
can you possess
that kangaroo
and kick Jenna and
and hammers ass?
Again.
No, you're way behind us.
You're way behind us.
Like make the kangaroo
like a threshold guardian to slow them down
so we can just keep pressing on.
The kangaroos don't know.
No.
Yeah, I'm a fucking kangaroo.
What the hell?
The hell do you think I am?
I will happily punch a kangaroo in the face
so it's not a problem.
Miles away.
Kangaroo,
we need to get to Ipswich.
We're sorry about hitting you.
Can you carry us in your pouch to Ipswich?
Yeah, my name's not kangaroo.
Sorry, I was being
mammal normative.
Well, it's fine.
I understand why. It's just a bit rude.
What is your name?
Charles. Charles.
It's my one name I think of.
Quick, filter. Let's hop in the pouch
and we'll make it worth your while, Charles.
What the fuck?
You just have all these designs on me.
I'm sorry. I busted up
your car. I was just trying to cross the road.
Why?
Because
we're trying to get
out.
We're trying to gather the resistance.
We're planting a big assault.
The kangaroo resistance?
Yeah.
What the hell do you think we are?
We lead the resistance.
Take us to the kangaroo resistance.
We'll help. We want to join your cause.
Alright, hop in.
Meanwhile,
I
think we're
going to do good. I could
swear, I could see up ahead. Looks like
they got into some trouble. You see
a total beaut and kangaroo
prints leading away.
Looks like a kangaroo
Adam.
It's honestly fair enough.
We don't even have to probably fight
Pauline Henson in order to win.
I feel like we could go home right now and everything would be okay.
Let's go harm.
Sorry. Sorry.
I'm on your team.
Don't fuck with me.
Alright.
Let's go to Ipswich anyway because that's where I live.
You get to your house
on the outskirts of Ipswich.
To think this is where it all began.
Come in.
Opening the tiny round door.
Crawling in.
I'm a normal sized person but I built
a hobbit sized home.
So I could always feel like a visiting wizard.
You look over.
What? Whoa.
Whoa.
Let's see how this plays out at least.
You look over
and on the horizon you see
a huge wall
with a column of kangaroos
and on the two biggest kangaroos
filter the purifier
and I, Smorf, are writing them like
tauntons.
And we have like
we're like honorary kangaroo people now.
I've done like a spell
to make the ones that were on like Godzilla kangaroos.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
He cast super kangaroo.
Yeah. And I
produced the eye of everything
and show it to the kangaroo.
And I look down at my kangaroo and go
don't worry, it's the button stuck.
Shit, don't work.
Alright, the kangaroos hop forward.
They're ranks approaching.
They're
the line of kangaroos stretches as far as
the eye can see and they're just
steadily moving forward. They're about
40 feet off now.
I hope this fails.
I hope that's racist from kangaroo.
They
they stop.
They stop.
Hello, Nick.
Who's that, too?
The head kangaroo.
The biggest one.
The biggest one is being ridden by
Filtor.
Hello, Nick.
Hey.
It would appear
the apocalypse makes for strange
bedfellows.
I say to Nick and Charles
that
first off,
before I get to the meat and potatoes,
what I'm going to say,
whimsical names you kangaroos give each other.
And second, I say,
don't bother with these two.
They're not going to help.
The first thing they want to do is give up and walk away
when the shit is hitting the fan.
Yeah, I'm certain that's true.
But all the same, he used the sacred kangaroo
call and we must respect that.
Excuse me, but I
never said
you wouldn't do that.
And isn't that
the Australian spirit that unites
all of them, be they
labor or liberal, be they
Ipswichian or Brisbaneian.
All Australians
are the same in that they are the one
seventh of the planet that will remain
when the rest has gone to naught.
For they are
pre-abandoned.
They know not the shame
of isolationism, nor
the intimidation of global trade.
They have always been
confused and
happy and
jocular, you fucking prick.
And is it not written in the Australian
Bill of Rights
that the prison marshals wrote
on the coast of Perth
when they first founded
this island nation?
Does it not say
that all men
are equal to kangaroos?
And women, and women.
Right, it says that, I'm sure.
I'm sure, because the document's older than 40 years
I'm sure it definitely
I'm sure it was definitely super
non-misogynist.
Anything other than a Judy Bloom
novel, I'm sure it was.
But anyways, I forgot
my point and I'm
bad at ending these things,
but my name is Dan Hammo
and I think we should all
team up. Nature,
man, scientist,
wizard, speaker,
elf, person,
fighter, and
and defeat Paulie and Hansa.
Once and for all,
easy target may she be
creatively.
She will prove a tough adversary
in this narrative. Jenna, do you have anything
that you can give to the kangaroo army
that will like enhance
their powers as we attack? I'm not going to
help you. You're not going to help?
I'm definitely not going to help.
Okay. I'm against you.
I feel like I'm against you. Okay.
All right.
Or maybe, wait,
do you feel like some MDMA?
Before we attack,
let's all just trip fucking hard.
Let's roll like fucking
tumbleweeds.
All right.
Do you have enough for the whole kangaroo army?
I always have enough.
I love that. All right.
We take that and now we're ready to do
it. Is MDMA's
ecstasy, right? Yeah. You're less,
you're now less ready.
We're not, you're not worthless.
Well, let's wait, we can
listen to some people. The kangaroos
feel the walls.
Oh my god,
this pouch is so soft.
Feel this pouch,
you guys. This is amazing.
What is that? Is that slime?
It's so nice.
You guys, we don't call each other enough.
Why do we only talk to each other when we're rolling?
We always talk. We should be talking.
I don't even have your number on my phone.
We definitely need to hang out more.
I'm going to grind
everyone's teeth.
We don't grind each other's teeth
enough.
I say, is it weird that we're kind
of reclaiming Australia from
reclaim Australia?
It's like a political thing.
I can't hear
most of what you're, you got to eat that mic.
Sorry. Well,
I didn't, I don't want to ruin your joke,
but I didn't understand it.
I say, is it kind of
ironic that we're reclaiming Australia from
reclaim Australia kind of?
Oh, I don't. That's a political slogan.
It's like a bunch of racists.
Just stay here a bit longer
and you'll understand it.
Listen, it's all topsy-turvy.
I come from the land up over.
There's a guy
who began his political career
by making the black president
prove he wasn't a secret foreigner
who's more Russian than
a James Bond villain.
It's fucking insane right now.
I'm going to eat a brick
of glass and just
bang my head into a wall and die.
I've never happy
ever anymore.
I was wiping my ass the other day
and I used too much toilet
paper on accident and then I thought,
why do I care how much toilet paper I use?
Trump got elected and then I just used
a million pounds of toilet paper
and I stuffed my toilet,
my own toilet!
What, there's no system
getting destroyed except my own toilet
and my own planet, but I'm like,
everything is, that's what's happening
back over, over, over, over.
You got some bad molly, bro.
Yeah, I'm freaking out, man.
I feel like the pavement is dinosaur skin.
I apologize, I'm not the cleanest
of makers.
I just use what's at hand.
I got it, I got it.
She stepped on this shit, man.
She put God knows what
in it.
All right, let's go, let's go.
Yeah, I'm coming down, let's go attack.
Let's go attack.
We go up to the Death Star or whatever we're fighting.
All right.
Third act.
Yeah, the kangaroos are advancing
on the, god damn it.
What's her name? Pauline Hanson?
Yeah. Pauline Hanson Stronghold.
We don't care about her.
Okay.
What do you do?
Let her die.
She's a robot.
Robots can't die.
They must be destroyed.
Or, you know, left alone, I don't know.
Let's go get her.
I was describing that.
I know, well, then she said she doesn't, you know.
No, no, I get it.
It's great.
Mortar shells rain down.
Oh, god.
Exploding bursts
of dirt and sand as
kangaroo parts
are ripped asunder
like so much
mispackaged and mislabeled
meats.
That happens.
You make it to the wall.
They're now too close
to shell.
All right. I start climbing the wall.
Okay. Me too.
You get to the top of the wall.
Wait, what? I like to like
double bounce on the kangaroos.
I like to double like a trampoline.
Right.
Nice.
I love
double bouncing.
I'm just going to boost people, but I feel like
there's jack shit, so I'm going to just step out.
Wait, I didn't hear it.
You're going to boost what?
I was just going to give everyone a boost.
I feel like I'm no use, so I'm just going to
prop everyone else up.
Oh, nice.
I'm working together. You scale
the wall
and or double bounce up the
wall.
Now you're at the top of the wall.
You see several small spindly
robots actuating
various mortars and howitzers
at the top of the wall of the stronghold
of Hansen.
I got this.
Oohhhh.
Laser.
Shout.
All right.
A focused beam
of audio energy
taught to me by the greybeards
atop Mount Hrothgar
in Skyrim.
All right. You scream loudly. Your breathy burst of voice echoes out over the bram parts and
smashes into the spindly robots dealing 26 damage. The robot falls all to pieces.
They both do? Or just one? Just one. How far down are they? What? You're on the wall,
they're on the wall. Oh, I have a double weapon. I have two swords and I go into, what's the one
you spin around and you do a crazy dazzling display kind of thing? No, just double attack
where I spin and fucking just. Rhythm gymnastics? My swords both have ribbons on the end of it,
so it's pretty cool. It's like a tribute to Scooby-Doo or some weird shit. I attack with
two swords. Attacking with both swords, you cut a devastating swath of, well, no, there's
not actually that much stuff. You would if there were more enemies, but instead you spin
like a whirling dervish, slicing the robot with your wicked blades, dealing, uh, seven.
Only one damage. Yeah. All right, now the robot operators of the Howitzers are dead.
You're on the ramparts. Pretty safe for now. I turn to the group and say, guys, we only
have four minutes left. We got to get this done. But Bodie and Jenna, whatever your character's
names are, it's time you did the perfect teamwork move, the two of you. One of you will do one
thing and then the other does the other thing, and then you defeat the whole thing. No pressure,
no pressure. Well, even though I'm a pharmaceutical barbarian, I picked up a couple of double
shotguns, so I just, I shoot some fuckers in the head. Okay. All right. How does that
go down? Well, let's see. You hear a terrible cracking sound as the interior of the stronghold
breaks apart and the shadowy towering colossus-like form of Pauline Henson bot emerges from the
stronghold, her eyes glowing and red with blood coming out of her, whatever. That's a,
yeah, it's great. She's coming at you with crazy robot claws, but you're shooting shotgun
shells and slugs all at her body parts. Oh yeah. It's doing damage. How much damage?
I'm about to say because, yeah, math, 22 damage. Yeah. Way to go, Jenna. I'll take
it. I'll take it. The shells impact her body. It's great. You love it. Filter. Go purify
that bitch. I cast flight on myself. All right. As I like launched towards her with
my staff like held out to like stab her in the face. You're what now? My sand, sand punk
stuff. Oh, your staff. Okay. Sorry. All right. And then I, as I do that, I say, I don't like
it. That's the new flag. That's the new don't tread on me. All right. I guess a wooden staff
breaks through the giant metal robot because it's powered by not liking it. I turned to
the group and I said, look, you guys remember how I blinked earlier and I set off an explosive
because I'm part cyborg. What I didn't tell you guys is that when I was made, like when
I put the cyborg stuff in me, if I do a hard double wink, I turn into a giant bomb and
I'm just going to go to take one for the team. We fought. I was hoping that'd be how that
panned out. Look, you're, you're being combative and that's, that's, that's not on me. Jeff.
Who? Jeff. Smorf. Smorf. Smorf. I'm sorry we fought. It's okay. I want to, I want to,
is this too contrived if I sing you? You should sing a bridge. If you sing me, if you, I'm
a bard. So if I sing, if I, I could sing you to the, to the bull's eye of Pauline Henson's
and then I'll just blow, blow her up. Yeah. Yeah. I will launch you on the voice of right.
All right. Jen has gone on record as a conscientious objector. Okay. She doesn't have a fighting
fire with fire. Use, use your bard powers. Power me up with your song. I'm not okay with
this. I'm just going to point it out now. I start running in slow motion. You see the
music bars come out of his mouth and become manifest. I get on them like a magic carpet
and I'm writing, writing these music, music notes and then staff lines. Aim your notes
towards her, towards her butt. I, I'm flying up towards image, tell, tell us, uh, 80 meters.
I, I, I'm flying up in like right up towards her butt cheeks. Right in the hole, he, right
in the hole, Phil tour broke with a stick and I put my hands together like, like this
and I'm just trying to wedge through and I scream. I look back at the group and I waved
goodbye. Can you stop describing it and just do it already? I, I, I put a pin in that passive
aggressive shit. Try and, and I look up towards the hole that, that, that Phil tour made and
I said, I, I was one, I opened up my eyes and as I close my eyes, I scream, get jiffed.
Everything explodes. Australia's saved. Wait, get, get the final, final description of it
from Sinsara. All right. Oh no. What does it look like? We see his feet just waving
outside the hole of the bus and suddenly there is just an explosion of red blood and gore
and oil and circuitry. Nice. That's how it's done everybody. Thank you so much. You guys
are awesome. Let's hear for Jenna, Bodie. Also, it's Sinsara, Jackson, Claire, Owen,
Alice, the great people at Wheeler Center and the Comedy Theater. Let's hear it for
Dan's baby, kicky dance. Spencer Crittenden in everybody. I become controller, Jeff Davis,
your mayor once again is Dan Harmon. You're allowed to go. You don't have to stick around
for this. You're new at me. Melbourne, as far as you see, you're on the underside of the
bus. And Chippendee, Melbourne. Try fast. Take chances. Thank you so much. We'll see you
next time.